Betty is saving money for a new wallet which costs $100. Betty has only half of the money she needs. Her parents decided to give her $15 for that purpose, and her grandparents twice as much as her parents. How much more money does Betty need to buy the wallet?
Mark has a garden with flowers. He planted plants of three different colors in it. Ten of them are yellow, and there are 80% more of those in purple. There are only 25% as many green flowers as there are yellow and purple flowers. How many flowers does Mark have in his garden?
Ken created a care package to send to his brother, who was away at boarding school.  Ken placed a box on a scale, and then he poured into the box enough jelly beans to bring the weight to 2 pounds.  Then, he added enough brownies to cause the weight to triple.  Next, he added another 2 pounds of jelly beans.  And finally, he added enough gummy worms to double the weight once again.  What was the final weight of the box of goodies, in pounds?
Tobias is buying a new pair of shoes that costs $95. He has been saving up his money each month for the past three months. He gets a $5 allowance a month. He also mows lawns and shovels driveways. He charges $15 to mow a lawn and $7 to shovel. After buying the shoes, he has $15 in change. If he mows 4 lawns, how many driveways did he shovel?
Bella bought stamps at the post office. Some of the stamps had a snowflake design, some had a truck design, and some had a rose design. Bella bought 11 snowflake stamps. She bought 9 more truck stamps than snowflake stamps, and 13 fewer rose stamps than truck stamps. How many stamps did Bella buy in all?
Ann's favorite store was having a summer clearance. For $75 she bought 5 pairs of shorts for $7 each and 2 pairs of shoes for $10 each. She also bought 4 tops, all at the same price. How much did each top cost?
Ralph is going to practice playing tennis with a tennis ball machine that shoots out tennis balls for Ralph to hit. He loads up the machine with 175 tennis balls to start with. Out of the first 100 balls, he manages to hit 2/5 of them. Of the next 75 tennis balls, he manages to hit 1/3 of them. Out of all the tennis balls, how many did Ralph not hit?
Brennan was researching his school project and had to download files from the internet to his computer to use for reference. After downloading 800 files, he deleted 70% of them because they were not helpful. He downloaded 400 more files but again realized that 3/5 of them were irrelevant. How many valuable files was he left with after deleting the unrelated files he downloaded in the second round?
Mrs. Snyder used to spend 40% of her monthly income on rent and utilities. Her salary was recently increased by $600 so now her rent and utilities only amount to 25% of her monthly income. How much was her previous monthly income?
