Weng earns $12 an hour for babysitting. Yesterday, she just did 50 minutes of babysitting. How much did she earn?
James writes a 3-page letter to 2 different friends twice a week.  How many pages does he write a year?
A deep-sea monster rises from the waters once every hundred years to feast on a ship and sate its hunger. Over three hundred years, it has consumed 847 people. Ships have been built larger over time, so each new ship has twice as many people as the last ship. How many people were on the ship the monster ate in the first hundred years?
It takes Roque two hours to walk to work and one hour to ride his bike to work. Roque walks to and from work three times a week and rides his bike to and from work twice a week. How many hours in total does he take to get to and from work a week with walking and biking?
Mary does her grocery shopping on Saturday. She does her shopping only at a specific store where she is allowed a credit of $100, which must be paid in full before her next shopping trip. That week she spent the full credit limit and paid $15 of it on Tuesday and $23 of it on Thursday. How much credit will Mary need to pay before her next shopping trip?
Ann, Bill, Cate, and Dale each buy personal pan pizzas cut into 4 pieces. If Bill and Dale eat 50% of their pizzas and Ann and Cate eat 75% of the pizzas, how many pizza pieces are left uneaten?
Noah is a painter. He paints pictures and sells them at the park. He charges $60 for a large painting and $30 for a small painting. Last month he sold eight large paintings and four small paintings. If he sold twice as much this month, how much is his sales for this month?
A car is driving through a tunnel with many turns. After a while, the car must travel through a ring that requires a total of 4 right-hand turns. After the 1st turn, it travels 5 meters. After the 2nd turn, it travels 8 meters. After the 3rd turn, it travels a little further and at the 4th turn, it immediately exits the tunnel. If the car has driven a total of 23 meters around the ring, how far did it have to travel after the 3rd turn?
