Artemis is making tea for a party. She knows her mom drinks an 8-ounce cup of tea and uses one ounce of tea. She will use this same ratio for the party. The party has 12 people there and each of them wants a 6-ounce cup of tea. How many ounces of tea does she need?
Anna goes trick-or-treating in a subdivision where she gets 14 pieces of candy per house. Her brother Billy goes trick-or-tricking in a neighboring subdivision where he gets 11 pieces of candy per house. If the first subdivision has 60 houses and the second subdivision has 75 houses, how many more pieces of candy does Anna get?
A concert ticket costs $40. Mr. Benson bought 12 tickets and received a 5% discount for every ticket bought that exceeds 10. How much did Mr. Benson pay in all?
Rachel and Sara want to attend a beauty and modeling contest. They both want to buy new pairs of shoes and dresses. Sara buys a pair of shoes which costs $50 and a dress which costs $200. How much should Rachel budget if she wants to spend twice as much as what Sara spent on the pair of shoes and dress?
A family of 12 monkeys collected 10 piles of bananas. 6 piles had 9 hands, with each hand having 14 bananas, while the remaining piles had 12 hands, with each hand having 9 bananas. How many bananas would each monkey get if they divide the bananas equally amongst themselves?
An earthquake caused four buildings to collapse. Experts predicted that each following earthquake would have double the number of collapsing buildings as the previous one, since each one would make the foundations less stable. After three more earthquakes, how many buildings had collapsed including those from the first earthquake?
James is a first-year student at a University in Chicago. He has a budget of $1000 per semester. He spends 30% of his money on food, 15% on accommodation, 25% on entertainment, and the rest on coursework materials. How much money does he spend on coursework materials?
It's Ava's birthday party. Her parents bought a unicorn piñata for $13 and filled it with all of her favorite treats. They bought 4 bags of Reese's for $9 per bag, 3 bags of Snickers for $5 per bag, and 5 bags of Skittles for $7 per bag. How much did the unicorn piñata and the treats cost altogether?
